# Entry 1
##### 11/17/2020

Right now, I am deciding which tools to use to make my Freedom project with. I researched [Vue](https://vuejs.org) and also [firebase](https://firebase.google.com/). I thought that Vue might be a tool because it helps with user interaction. Firebase also seem important to my project because it helps save user's information which is significant to my project.

Throughtout my Engineering Design Process, I have been defining a problem that I feel like I want to solve, research what tools might be helpful to my project and determine how I will use this tool and apply it to my porject. I feel like a problem I have was being organized and I wanted to have a place where I can see my entire plans and what I needed to do. Therefore I decided that I wanted to make a planner where it divide into, year, months, weeks, days. I was thinking that my project will contain like a organized schedule and like inside the todo list, the user can add stuff. For example, if the user wants to add " do chem homework," they can them press it and then it will appear a section where they can put details and when it is due. At the same time I was also thinking that they can have a section where they can see what they need to do during the week. This is a lot and very complex. I thought that firebase was the suitable option because since the whole project is based on the user putting in infomation, I will need a tool to help me with all of these information. I feel like if I can break this project into small sections and then work from there, I think I might accomplish this. I will probably make the day section first, then weeks, and then months. If everything works well I will add a year section. Anyways right now I will just focus on the day section. For the day section I will create a event section, todo list section, and might add a function to help user catagorize their activities and events. 

I understand this is all very complicated and probably going to be a long process. I'm trying top have a growth mindset about this. I mean what's there to lose. If I don't make it, I can still gain knowledge about the tools I used. I think having this mindset will help me get through this project and be committed to what I am doing. I also feel like organozation is important here because my whole project is about organization. Bring organized about everything will help me have a clearer focus on what I am doing. I think one of the main still I will need is problem decomposition. Like I mention before, I feel like I need to break down my planner into section, and start from a parts that is easier and then connect all of these part together. Overall, I think having a growth mindset, being organized, and learning problem decomposition are skills I need and maintain to make my project/application possible and efficient. 

[Next](entry02.md)

[Home](../README.md)
